== Rails Landing Page boilerplate

This is a Rails 4.1 boilerplate for really fast creation of landing pages with a pre-created contact form and A/B tests.
It comes with split, bootstrap, activeadmin, devise and heroku gems pre-configured. Extra Requirements: Redis.

=== A/B Testing
This project uses the 'split' gem for tests, thus needs a Redis instance to save the tests results.
For creating a new test, simply create one on-demand using the ``ab_test`` method. For setting the test as successful, use the ``finished`` method. Examples are already provided at the LandingController#index view and at ContactsController#create. More info can be found at https://github.com/andrew/split#usage.

=== Contact form
This gem comes with a pre-configured Contact model including name, email and a text field. If you need to change this, simply remove the validation from the model and the fields from the form view. Migrations may be needed.

=== Accessing tests and contacts results
Simply go to '/admin' and follow the links. Activeadmin creates a default user when you run your migrations (user: admin@example.com, password: password). You should change the default password after deploying your app to production.

=== Instructions for deployment on Heroku

* git clone the project
* Create a new Heroku app with a pg database (`` heroku create appname``)
* Install Redis to go add-on on heroku (``heroku addons:add redistogo``).
* Deploy your app and run db migrations (``git push heroku master && heroku run rake db:migrate``)

